Personas

1. John Economic Student
John is a 3rd year economic student at University of Toronto. He has a family background in insurance and financial industry. His father is a chief managing director at RBC Capital Market and he has been trading for the company for more than 20 years. He knows many influential figures in this industry and frequently invited his collegues to his house. John's father wants his son to follow his footsteps and has introduced him many of his colleagues to constantly motivate and encourage his son to study finance. His mother works for Munich Re insurance in option and future derivative division. She is a strong financial woman. Because of his family background, John has met many financial bankers and traders and always had a curious desire for the industry. When he started the university, John co-founded a trading simulation investment club at University of Toronto. He is a vice-president. John has a confirm understanding in a financial industry and he chose to study economics to develop deeper insights. John spent the last summer working as a Business analyst assistant in RBC Capital Market and he learned different basic techniques for successful trading. For the past two years he proactively taught himself about developing algorithmic trading strategies through economic books and online resources from Coursera. Before the graduation John wants to try trading to build his profile but he is afraid that he does not have a real-market experience and could lose lots of his own money. He is looking for an application that will allow him to try his own algorithms on historical data and fine-tune his strategies before jumping into the real deal. Since he has tight student budgets, he does not want to pay for the advanced algorithmic trading tool. He is looking for a free version, which allows him to test his learning.

2. Momma Alice
Momma Alice is a mother of 3 years old twin and a part-time day trader. She used to work for the global software company as a software engineer. Her main clients were big financial companies and she has experience building multiple software applications for them. Her husband works in Samsung Electronics mobile sales division and he frequently does day trade. Alice's husband trades mostly based on his colleagues' information and rumors. His earnings from trading fluctuate very much. He and Alice want to make decent incomes from trading to add to their investments. They want to plan for their retirements as well as their children's college tuitions. Alice started day trading when their children turned 2 years old. She thinks that they need more stable income to support the family as the children grow. She watched news about recent Facebook and Alibaba IPOs. She has interests in technology startups and that was when she started doing day trade. Alice has some modest additions to their family income through manual trades. As she continues to do day trading, she reads some articles about algorithmic trading and wants to know more about it. From her day trading experience she gained some intuitions for the financial market. Alice and her husband have a desire to learn systemic trading strategies so that they have more stable trading earnings. Alice does not have any former education in finance and advanced algorithmic trading application looks too confusing for her. She is looking for a basic tool that allows her to build and test her own strategies in a minimum risk environment before fully committing to it.
